# open-data-badges-audit
This is the repository for the data associated with the audit of all articles with Open Data badges published 2014-19

This repository contains the data to reproduce the findings from the data availability audit of articles with Open Data badges published 2014-19.

It also contains a special addendum with data for Psychological Science, for 2020-23.

# Audit 2014-19 with _Psychological Science_ Addendum, 2020-23 (v1.0)

This release contains the data and code files associated with the Open Data badge audit of all articles published 2014-19, with an addendum for _Psychological Science_ 2020-23. The data being processed and cleaned is the coding performed by a team of coders.

## data

### `00_osb_library`

This folder contains datasets which are cleaned, [formatted snapshots of the Open Science Badges Zotero library for 2020-02-21, 2024-04-04, 2024-07-17, and 2024-08-09](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.13899255).

### `01_coding_batches`

This folder contains data files listing the articles allocated to each batch, and contains a register listing which batches were allocated to which coders.

### `02_raw_coding`

This folder contains the raw coding data received from each coder. These were downloaded as Excel .xlsx files from Google Sheets.

### `03_coding_review`

This folder contains all intermediate data files output during the coding review and reconciliation process (e.g., outputting articles with disagreements between coders).

### `04_clean_coding`

This folder contains the cleaned coding files for each coder separately.

### `05_final_coding`

This folder contains the final combined coding data files, including the final data files used for analysis, `all_final_coding_final.csv` and `all_final_coding_final.rds` (same data, in different formats for convenience).

## code

Note that all code is written in [R](https://www.r-project.org/), and was run using R versions 3.6 to 4.3 in a 64-bit Windows environment.

### `01_coding_batches`

R scripts used to set up batches of articles for coders to code.

### `02_clean_coding`

All scripts involved in the cleaning of individual coders' raw coding responses, and in the resolution of discrepancies between coders.

### `03_finalise_data`

The final scripts which create the final dataset `all_final_coding_final.csv` (`stage1_19_cleaning_repo_details.R` and `stage1_20_clean_coding_data.R`) and summarise its contents (`stage1_21_summarise_coding_results.R`). The script `stage1_24_addendum_pssa.R` summarises the extra data for _Psychological Science_ 2020-23 combined with the 2014-19 data.

## results

This folder contains the figures (exported as images) and tables (exported as CSV files) generated by the scripts `stage1_21_summarise_coding_results.R` and `stage1_24_addendum_pssa.R`.
